{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\vieww25280\viewh14280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 	\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	Value your time. It is all you have. It's more important than your money. It's more important than your friends. It is more important than anything. Your time is all you have. Do not waste your time\
	- Naval Ravikant ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.navalmanack.com/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.navalmanack.com}})\
\
	You are what you do. Not what you say, not what you believe, not how you vote, but what you spend your time on\
	- Kevin Kelly (https://www.amazon.com/Excellent-Advice-Living-Wisdom-Earlier/dp/0593654528)\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
We hear time and time again that life is short. This isn\'92t a new idea, Seneca wrote about it two thousand years ago.  Elon Musk  cut to the chase by asking \'93What did you get done this week?\'94. If you have ~4,000 weeks on Earth, a week actually matters. You can be busy, but are you actually getting anything done in a typical week? Are you reaching your full value-producing potential?\
\
Even if you get things done, there are two ways to do it - either through discipline or dragging your feet until a touch of panic hits. The former is hard and the reason why most people take the latter approach. To keep myself disciplined, over the last few months I\'92ve been tracking my time.\
\
I\'92ve tried a few different ways to track my time and nothing stuck. The best I\'92d done was with pen and paper, although that was 20+ years ago. Given what AI can do, I decided to build a timer myself.\
\
That timer is GemTimer. I\'92ve used it day after day and it works. \
\
While you don\'92t completely control whether your efforts will be successful, you can control where your time goes. That especially matters if y\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
our work requires real focus\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 .\
\
Try GemTimer and get more out of each day.\
\
Best of luck,\
\
Jeremy
\f1\fs24 \
}